Thursday/230629/ClassNotes.md, before:

# Class Notes - 062923

1. [Install/Configure Cluster](./scripts/multi-node-setup.md)
    - [AWS EKS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/what-is-eks.html)
    - [Azure AKS]()
    - [Google GKE]()
    - [Minikube on local]()
2. [Container Runtime](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes/)
    - [containerd](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes/#containerd)
    - [CRI-O](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes/#cri-o)
    - [Docker Engine](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes/#docker)
2. [Install AddOns](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/addons/)
    - [Deploy/Configure Flannel CNI](./scripts/pods/network-flannel.yaml)
    - [Deploy/Configure CoreDNS](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/configure-dns-cluster/)
3. [Run Applications on Kubernetes Cluster](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/)
    - [Run Stateless Application via Deployment Workload](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/run-stateless-application-deployment/)
    - [Run a Single-Instance Stateful Application](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/run-single-instance-stateful-application/)
4. [Access Application Cluster](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/)
    - [Use a Service to Access an Application in a Cluster](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/service-access-application-cluster/)
    - [Connect a Frontend to a Backend Using Services](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/connecting-frontend-backend/)
    - [List All Container Images Running in a Cluster](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/list-all-running-container-images/)
5. [Ingress Controller](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress-controllers/)
    - [Set up Nginx Ingress Controller](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/ingress-minikube/)
6. [Storage in Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/)
    - [Communicate Between Containers in the Same Pod Using a Shared Volume](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/communicate-containers-same-pod-shared-volume/)

- [Cloud Comparison **Bonus Link**](https://cloud.google.com/docs/get-started/aws-azure-gcp-service-comparison)

Commit message:

Added RollingUpdate Strategy for DaemonSet(DS)

Thursday/230629/ClassNotes.md, after:

# Class Notes - 062923

1. [Install/Configure Cluster](./scripts/multi-node-setup.md)
    - [AWS EKS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/what-is-eks.html)
    - [Azure AKS]()
    - [Google GKE]()
    - [Minikube on local]()
2. [Container Runtime](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes/)
    - [containerd](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes/#containerd)
    - [CRI-O](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes/#cri-o)
    - [Docker Engine](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes/#docker)
2. [Install AddOns](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/addons/)
    - [Deploy/Configure Flannel CNI](./scripts/pods/network-flannel.yaml)
    - [Deploy/Configure CoreDNS](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/configure-dns-cluster/)
3. [Run Applications on Kubernetes Cluster](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/)
    - [Run Stateless Application via Deployment Workload](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/run-stateless-application-deployment/)
    - [Run a Single-Instance Stateful Application](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/run-single-instance-stateful-application/)
4. [Access Application Cluster](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/)
    - [Use a Service to Access an Application in a Cluster](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/service-access-application-cluster/)
    - [Connect a Frontend to a Backend Using Services](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/connecting-frontend-backend/)
    - [List All Container Images Running in a Cluster](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/list-all-running-container-images/)
5. [Ingress Controller](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress-controllers/)
    - [Set up Nginx Ingress Controller](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/ingress-minikube/)
6. [Storage in Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/)
    - [Communicate Between Containers in the Same Pod Using a Shared Volume](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/communicate-containers-same-pod-shared-volume/)
7. [RollingStrategy]()
    - [Rolling Update on a DaemonSet](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/manage-daemon/update-daemon-set/)
    - [Rollback on a DaemonSet](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/manage-daemon/rollback-daemon-set/)

- [Cloud Comparison **Bonus Link**](https://cloud.google.com/docs/get-started/aws-azure-gcp-service-comparison)
